alright Chad here decided to do a quick
video on reviewing the new nike metcon
ones versus the nanos and I decided to
do it because most of the videos I've
seen out there on the Mekons have been
neglecting a few of the points that I've
noticed after i purchased them so here's
a metcon ones I just got them last week
and here is my my older nanos nano fours
so one of the first things I noticed
about the metcon ones is that they're
very flat on the bottom there another a
little bit look the less flexible as you
might can see here then the nanos these
are obviously broken in so depending on
what you want to use them for the
flexibility might come become an issue I
on the other hand prefer the flatness I
feel a lot more stable in these when I'm
doing my Olympic lifting they also are a
bit narrower in the mid section of your
foot around your arch and the toe box is
slightly smaller not much I have
somewhat wide feet not very wide and
these shoes are adequate there have been
wider than your average nike shoes like
he's known for having really narrow
shoes in my case I like the narrowness
around the ankle level ankle area and
we're on the mid-foot one thing that I
have noticed with the shoe and I don't
know if it's because i bought a size too
big is that um when I where formid very
small socks I can feel the back of my
foot sliding a tad and that might be
because I bought a size too big so these
are 12 and a half
and these are 13 I was reading that
these run a little small and I have not
found that to be the case it might be
accurate in terms of length of your foot
but in terms of width it seems you know
about accurate usually 13s are a little
big for me with these they're about
right so maybe there is some legitimacy
to those claims only anything else uh I
don't do rope line very much but I have
heard people say that these ridges here
provides some grip over all the entire
shoes covered with this flywire
technology it feels just like like a
coating of plastic not plastic it feels
more like a fabric that plastic it gives
it some texture it I like it it feels
pretty nice and supposedly these have
more more breathability than the nanos I
have a hard time believing that because
the nanos have more openings in their
plastic that covers the shoe of the
rubber other than that I tend to prefer
the metcon ones because that the
stability that they provide make me feel
a lot more comfortable I haven't run in
them yet but the heel-to-toe drop feels
a slight bit more than the nanos I've
read that the helo to drop is the same
in both but I have a hard time believing
that um if there is a difference is not
very much but because of the way the
Nikes feel bit tighter on you're on my
foot maybe I have a false sense of
security about the supports are
providing Oh another
I there is almost there's very little
arch support in the nanos but in the
Mexican ones there is a bit more it
comes up on the inside of your foot a
bit more and it's not dramatic but it's
enough for me to be cognizant of the
pressure and the support that is
providing aesthetically I CrossFit but
on that I CrossFit guy for the most part
so i don't really like to wear my nanos
out too much because the very they're
highly stylized netcong ones much more
you know more general obviously they're
not you know not licensed by or response
to their own sponsor CrossFit so they
have no incentive to put anything on and
it's backing the brand but I'll I kind
of look better so guess I'm not going to
get sponsored by CrossFit anyways gotta
go thanks for watching hit subscribe
below I don't repost very much but I
wanted to get my thoughts out on these
on the shoe and now my nose is running
have the winnaman guys hot beans see you
next time